<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_search_in_the_database">
    <title>How to search in the database</title>
    <shortdesc>Discogs is a user-built <b>Database</b> that is organised around artists, labels and
        releases. You can explore the Database in many ways from the <b>Explore page</b>. Just
        choose an aspect you are interested in, and then start narrowing down the results by using
        the filters on the left hand side or the tabs to switch between the <b>Master</b>,
            <b>Artist</b>, <b>Label</b> or <b>Release</b> categories.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_xwc_kgq_cpb">
            <p>You need to have a created and activated your Discogs account and be logged in it.
            </p>
        </prereq>
        <context id="context_rll_zt5_bqb">
            <p>In this section you will learn how to browse the discogs database.</p>
            <ul id="ul_lts_rbv_bqb">
                <li>An Artist page lists all of the releases from that artist.</li>
                <li>A Label page lists all of the releases from that label.</li>
                <li>A Release page lists details of that release (year of release, tracklisting,
                    etc.).</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_sll_zt5_bqb">
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate the search bar in the upper left section of the navbar on every discogs
                    page.</cmd>
                <choices id="choices_kdz_tdv_bqb">
                    <choice>
                        <p>Discogs allows and encourages the correct use of Unicode characters for
                            data entry. Sometimes, your computer or browser will not be able to
                            display these characters unless you have set up your computer to do so.
                            For those that can't see some of the Unicode characters, this article
                            describes what to do for most browsers and operating systems</p>
                    </choice>
                    <choice>Enter the word(s) you would like to search for.</choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the<b> search icon</b> or hit/press the <b>"Enter"</b> key on your
                    keyboard.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The default search should be set to <b>All</b> / <b>Everything</b>, but notice
                    that your search results include tabs for <b>Release</b>, <b>Master Release</b>,
                        <b>Artist</b>, and <b>Label</b>. Select one of these tabs to narrow your
                    search results to just that category.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_asb_chq_cpb">
            <p>You will see the results of your search dependant on what you have entered and what
                search filters you have chosen.</p>
        </result>
        <example id="example_ej2_rv5_bqb">You are in a music store and want to check the label and
            the quality of a certain LPor CD. You can do so with the discogs database and search for
            all the important information you need about it in it and make an informed
            purchase.</example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
