<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_manage_your_account">
    <title>How to manage your account</title>
    <shortdesc>When you have an account you will have access to several key features like the
            <b>Dashboard</b> page. The <b>Dashboard</b> is a customizable homepage that links to
        areas of the site that relate to your <b>Collection</b> data and user profile. From the
        Discogs dashboard, you can view your recent Orders, Purchases, Submissions, and Friends'
        Activity. There is also a section titled My Activity. You can control which kinds of events
        are posted to your activity feed by editing your Privacy Settings. Also included on the main
        Dashboard are New Releases, Recommendations, and Group Activity widgets.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_xwc_kgq_cpb">
            <p>You need to have a created and activated your Discogs account and be logged in
                it.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context id="context_rll_zt5_bqb">
            <p>In this section you will learn what you can do with your account and how to manage
                it.</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_sll_zt5_bqb">
            <step>
                <cmd>In the main page click on the <b>profile</b> icon in the upper right corent of
                    the navbar.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A <b>dropdown menu</b> will appear with several options like<b> Dashboard,
                        Collection, Wantlist </b>and more.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the option you want to access.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_asb_chq_cpb">
            <p>A new page will load dependant on what you have clicked.</p>
        </result>
        <example id="example_ej2_rv5_bqb">You want to view your collection and see what LPs you have
            in your collection and how much they cost. Click on the <b>Collection</b> tab in the
            dropdown menu and you will see all your collection and it's worth.</example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
