<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_create_an_entry_in_the_database">
    <title>How to create an entry in the database</title>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_j2n_1rv_bqb">
            <p> In order to start contributing:</p>
            <ol id="ol_on2_brv_bqb">
                <li>You need a user account.</li>
                <li><b>The Add Release Form</b> allows you to add releases. This is the main focus
                    of the Database, and is the only way to add new artists and labels. For the sake
                    of accuracy, you must only add releases you have in your possession.</li>
                <li>The <b>"Edit"</b> links at the right hand side of each page allow you to update
                    a release, artist, or label, and add or change images. You can update any
                    submission at any time.</li>
            </ol>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>In this section you will learn how to contribute with you own entries to the discogs
                community.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Get a copy of the release you want to submit.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check if the release doesn't already exist in the database.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the <b>Add Release </b>page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Identify the Artist.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the title.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Identify the Label.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the Catalog number.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Identify the correct format.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>List all the tracks in the <b>Tracklist Section.</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the Genre.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add Relase Notes (not necessary)</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Preview.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Submit.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Wait for approval by the discogs community.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_xbw_xrv_bqb">After you have successfully gone through the submission
            process you will have contributed with your own release to the discogs
            database.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
