<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="what_is_discogs">
    <title>What is Discogs</title>
    <body>
        <p>Discogs is the biggest and most comprehensive music database and marketplace website. It
            is a site with discographies of all labels, all artists, all cross-referenced, and an
            international marketplace built off of that database. The focus of Discogs is a
            user-built database of music. More than 500,000 people have contributed some piece of
            knowledge, to build up a catalog of more than 14,100,000 recordings and 7,000,000
            artists. Discogs also offers the ability to catalog your music collection, wantlist, and
            share your ratings and reviews.</p>
        <p>Originally created as a hobby project in 2000 by Kevin Lewandowski, Discogs has grown to
            become a definitive resource for Vinyl and CD recordings.</p>
    </body>
    <topic id="what_is_the_marketplace">
        <title>The Discogs Marketplace</title>
        <body>
            <p>The Discogs Marketplace connects buyers and sellers across the globe. With more than
                61 million items available and thousands of sellers, this is the premier spot from
                new releases to rare music releases. Because the Marketplace is built on top of the
                accurate Discogs database, it is easy for sellers to list their inventory and buyers
                are able to specify the exact version they want.</p>
        </body>
    </topic>
</topic>
